
       Third-Party Software for Lenovo Intelligent Thermal Solution Driver, v2.1.xxx.x


The following 3rd-party software packages may be used by or distributed with Lenovo Intelligent Thermal Solution Driver. Any information relevant to third-party vendors listed below are collected using common, reasonable means.

Date generated: 2023-7-24
Revision ID: 7937c6e49b90ed6c18bf21187138e26d6bfd3c54
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Package Title: GPUOpen-LibrariesAndSDKs/display-library (16.0)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Declared Licenses *
MIT

Copyright (c) 2016 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

* Package Info *

Authors: dvanced Micro Devices, Inc.

Project URL: https://github.com/GPUOpen-LibrariesAndSDKs/display-library


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Package Title: drivers.gpu.control-library/wrapper/cApiWrapper.cpp (master)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Declared Licenses *
MIT

Copyright (C) 2022-23 Intel Corporation

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


* Package Info *

Authors: Intel

Project URL: https://github.com/intel/drivers.gpu.control-library